Chore(wizard)react (#6388)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/wizard/javascript/react.md

npm install --save @sentry/react @sentry/tracing
```

## Configure

> Initialise Sentry as early as possible in your application's lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initialize Sentry as early as possible in your application's lifecycle.
```
Same comment as before - I'm wondering if "application's lifecycle" is a bit vague? Maybe it's just vague to me, but I'm wondering if there's a way to call this something more specific?

```javascript
import { createRoot } React from "react-dom/client";
import React from "react";  
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/react";
import { BrowserTracing } from "@sentry/tracing";
import App from "./App";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  integrations: [new BrowserTracing()],
  tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
});

const container = document.getElementById(“app”);
const root = createRoot(container);
root.render(<App />)
```

> **tracesSampleRate: 1.0**

> > The example above ensures every transaction will be to Sentry, but we recommend lowering this value in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The above setting ensures that 100% of transactions will be sent to Sentry, but we recommend lowering this number in production.
```

## Verify

> This snippet includes an intentional error, so you can test that everything is working as soon as you set it up.

Reviewer: This snippet contains an intentional error and can be used as a test to make sure that everything's working as expected.
